
=pod

=head1 NAME

RatingStars - Rating stars controller

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  <html>
  <head>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="ratingstars.js"></script>
  <script type="text/javascript">
  <!--
  var stars = RatingStars.create({
    ratedStarImage:   'img/star_image.gif',  
    unratedStarImage: 'img/empty_star_image.gif',  
    maxRate:          5,
    currentRate:      3
  });
  stars.registerCallback('onClick', function(rate){
    // do some stuff 
    // for example, AJAX action to save the selected rate.
  });
  //-->
  </script>
  </head>
  <body onload="stars.setup('myrating');">
  <h1>RatingStars</h1>
  <div id="myrating"></div>
  </body>
  </html>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This script helps you to generate a contents that shows a rate which a specific content has.
Usually, in case such like this, people utilize star-image to represent how worth the content is.

This class creates and displays a series of stars on a HTML element.
If you set max rate 5, 5 stars are shown.
And you can also set current rate. When you set current rate 3, 
3 stars become highlightened and the rest of the stars are empty.

This enables not only showing but also editting.
When users point over the stars, the rate changes according to
the cursor position. If they do click action after they change the rate,
The callback function will be invoked. Callback should be set before.

With this callback, you can get the number that means *current rate*.
You can send the number to server-side and save it.
Threre are many ways. I guess Ajax is popular now.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

  var stars = RatingStars.create({
    param1: value1,
    param2: value2
  });

=head2 ESSENTIAL PARAMETERS

At first, you have to indicate two images' path. These are ratedStarImage and unratedStarImage.
In almost of situations, star figure filled yellow is used as ratedStarImage, and the empty figure
is used as unrated.

=over 4

=item ratedStarImage

=item unratedStarImage

=back

=head2 OPTIONAL PARAMETERS

Following parameters can be set if you want.

=over 4

=item halfRatedStarImage

If you set halfRatedStarImage like above parameters, It behaves like
0.5 is the base unit. For example, when you set current rate 3.75,
It shows 3 filled stars and 1 half filled star, and makes the rest empty.

=item userRatedStarImage

Furthermore, you can use another image to disinguish the rated
image for default and the image user set.

=item freezeOnClick

By default, true is set. It'll be flozen when user click on the stars.
If this is set as false, user can re-choose rate time and again.

=item maxRate

5 is set by default.

=item currentRate

0 is set by defaul.

=back

=head1 EVENT HANDLING

  stars.registerCallback(eventName, callback);

For example

  stars.registerCallback('onClick', function(rate) {
    alert(rate);
  } );

=over 4

=item onClick

=item onChange

=item onDefault

=back

=head1 PLUGINS

  stars.loadPlugin('PluginName');

=head2 MessageLabel

  <div id="messageElement"></div>

  stars.loadPlugin('MessageLabel');
  stars.setMessageElement('messageElement');
  stars.setDefaultMessage('Choose rate, please.');
  stars.setSuccessfulMessage('Thanks!');
  stars.setRatedMessage(1, 'awful');
  stars.setRatedMessage(2, 'poor');
  stars.setRatedMessage(3, 'good');
  stars.setRatedMessage(4, 'great!');
  stars.setRatedMessage(5, 'awesome!');

=head1 AUTHOR

Lyo Kato, C<lyo.kato@gmail.com>

=head1 LICENSE

MIT License

=cut

